docs/README.md, before:

# Microsoft Graph SDK Docs

## What is Microsoft Graph?
Microsoft Graph is a unified endpoint for accessing data, intelligence, and insights coming from the Microsoft cloud. You can find more information at [developer.microsoft.com/graph](https://developer.microsoft.com/graph)

## Why an SDK?
Users can begin developing immediately by connecting with the REST API directly if they desire. If you are interested in diving right in to Graph data, the SDK provides a few shortcuts:

- HTTP logic is written for you so you reduce the amount of boilerplate you need to get started
- The SDK gives you access to PHP objects that you can use to access and update instead of working directly with JSON
- An extra layer of error handling and intelligent defaults helps you debug your application

## Get started
View the [getting started steps](../README.md#get-started-with-microsoft-graph) to make your first request with Graph.

## Using the SDK
- [Usage Examples](Examples.md)

To make calls to the Beta Microsoft Graph API, check out our [Microsoft Graph Beta SDK](https://packagist.org/packages/microsoft/microsoft-graph-beta).
## Support
View the [contributions guidelines](../CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on submitting a pull request.

Check out our [Frequently Asked Questions](FAQ.md).

Bugs are filed and monitored in [GitHub issues](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-php/issues).

You can also ask developers and the community Graph-related questions on [Microsoft Q&A](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/topics/128347/microsoft-graph-sdk.html).

Commit message:

docs: Updating links to examples
Updating dead links to point to the correct sample files, and adding short overview of the samples provided.

docs/README.md, after:

# Microsoft Graph SDK Docs

## What is Microsoft Graph?
Microsoft Graph is a unified endpoint for accessing data, intelligence, and insights coming from the Microsoft cloud. You can find more information at [developer.microsoft.com/graph](https://developer.microsoft.com/graph)

## Why an SDK?
Users can begin developing immediately by connecting with the REST API directly if they desire. If you are interested in diving right in to Graph data, the SDK provides a few shortcuts:

- HTTP logic is written for you so you reduce the amount of boilerplate you need to get started
- The SDK gives you access to PHP objects that you can use to access and update instead of working directly with JSON
- An extra layer of error handling and intelligent defaults helps you debug your application

## Get started
View the [getting started steps](../README.md#get-started-with-microsoft-graph) to make your first request with Graph.

## Using the SDK
### Common Examples
- [General](/docs/general_samples.md) - General usage examples and common patterns.
- [Authentication](/docs/authentication_samples.md) - Detailed examples of different authentication methods and token
- [FAQ](/docs/FAQ.md) - Frequently asked questions and troubleshooting common problems.
### More Examples
- [Users](/docs/users_samples.md) - Examples of working with user-related Graph API endpoints.
- [Application](/docs/application_samples.md) - Examples of working with application-level Graph API operations.
- [Drives](/docs/drives_samples.md) - Examples for working with OneDrive and SharePoint drives.
- [Groups](/docs/groups_samples.md) - Code samples for managing Microsoft 365 groups.
- [Uploads](/docs/uploads_samples.md) - Examples showing how to upload files, including large file upload support.
- [Sharepoint](/docs/sharepoint_samples.md) - Samples demonstrating SharePoint-specific functionality.


To make calls to the Beta Microsoft Graph API, check out our [Microsoft Graph Beta SDK](https://packagist.org/packages/microsoft/microsoft-graph-beta).
## Support
View the [contributions guidelines](../CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information on submitting a pull request.

Check out our [Frequently Asked Questions](FAQ.md).

Bugs are filed and monitored in [GitHub issues](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-php/issues).

You can also ask developers and the community Graph-related questions on [Microsoft Q&A](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/topics/128347/microsoft-graph-sdk.html).
